jontron
somebody was hungry today wasn't he
I guess hating all those Mondays really
worked up an appetite didn't it hold on
a second let me get that hello forgot
this part of your body and let me tell
you that's not the only talking cat I
got in this house and know by the way
I'm not referring to talking tom I'm
referring of course in the state of the
art called classic hit a talking cat
exclamation point question mark
exclamation point so for your viewing
displeasure and without further ado I
did be the tidings of a talking cat oh
look this film was produced by the
Fantastic Four oh I'm really liking what
they've done with it here well I guess
this is as good a time as any to show
you guys my new revamped logo do you
like it the movie starts with like a
minute of establishing shots like any of
these ultra low-budget films do really
trying to squeeze every last bit to hit
that feature-length finish line I like
the wood what who's speaking
is it the cat or did the director just
leave the mic on in the editing Bay and
forget to take it out sounds like you
might have had one too many he's
straight on to giving life lessons to
anyone in earshot I've heard them say
it's a simple things we should
appreciate most and right now it's a
wind in the trees and the smells in the
air this place has
sir you're polluting the audio you speak
when spoken to market so um there's a
cat rolling around you know we're not I
know as much as you do at this point and
there it is folks
that's how you know this is real this is
happening the person titling this movie
was clearly just as confused as the rest
of us hmm nothing says home quite like a
dead tree honey I'm home oh wait is this
my house I think this might actually be
the local art museum huh
if only I was twice as rich what is this
house did they just rent this for the
few days they were shooting I guess we
know where the budget went is that a
[__] tree we're in high heels in the
corner of the house what's going on what
the hell does this house belong to a
serial killer
is there a woman's body inside of that
tree where is she that's not even a
scripted thing that's just really just
walked in there and said hey is that a
tree wearing shoes it's gonna be one of
those days by the way very interesting
observation coming from a man who has a
half a car in his living room within the
same shot I think when this is not the
weirdest thing in frame at any one given
point in time you know you're on to
something magical yeah dad
every day with this [__] every day I'm
sitting here reading my book your walks
in the door make a card oh is that me
I'm supposed to like it
oh [__] you dad and honestly if it was a
choo-choo train noise maybe I would left
the car noise before I look like you
some sort of big baby they go too far
for this one so after the painstaking
intro we meet these two fellows the
father comes home to say that he's sold
his vague company along with all its
assets so what's over the company what
does the company do I don't know what
did itself I don't know either
something about code we sold the website
the websites interface the interface to
code that I worked half my life on oh
god I could understand the interface but
you saw the crowd think of who you're
affecting now they say that I've got
enough money to retire who says that
didn't you already have enough
that's what they say whose day what are
they saying that for guess I'll hang out
here at the house for a while that we
could spruce it up a little bit
didn't you our decorator well they get
mad they keep referencing the
decorations and even the fact that they
used an interior designer I'm assuming
this is because the director knew the
house looked out of place what was I
thinking maybe we could go on those
trips that we talked about electrics
held my son's lifeless body in my arms
yes God why why is the Sun such a dick
anyways he just over you're lounging
around in a pool of money inside his
dad's mansion his dad's just trying to
be nice to him any wonder you give him
the time of day maybe water Peter later
yeah if you're lucky dad also spiral
staircase I gotta say one of the worst
methods of a dramatic exit oh hey you
dad just ignore this product still mad
at you okay off I go this is some great
church music Dorothy over there I see
you you're killing it on the harpsichord
tonight I mean I wasn't expecting a John
Williams score but this soundtrack is so
mismatched it's making me depressed
hello hi is this Chris Barber from mr.
Carver's class
he's still calling about the smell I
call general access underneath my
floorboards um no I mean yeah I mean
come on spit out Romeo apparently this
girl is calling to get English lessons
from the Sun this guy's teaching English
okay I don't know if that's your forte
dude oh yeah yeah I mean I'm good at
English are you sure yeah sure yeah what
me look like some sort eighth man ha
that funny if me ape why me kill for
banana right my parents can't pay much I
mean that's
come on no payment necessary
you know she's no shirt no service
what does that mean I guess I
mysteriously a cat walks by and no one
knows where it came from
kitty okay I know we're talking about a
talking cat here okay I wasn't expecting
award-winning sound design but did you
have to record this in the [__]
catacombs that's like a worse reverb
I've ever heard in a film
anyways moving on know what what do you
do and you like a girl what how does
that relate well you were just asking
about the cat you're gonna forget about
the loose wild animal in your house oh I
did chick had that one yeah me too right
oh yeah to see that that one that cat I
saw I CAD like this I can't went right
to that cobweb hey let's go to that
picture huh
yeah okay that sounds about right okay
so it seems the scene shifts to an
evergreen forest now your toes what's
wrong with you toes you got like Hobbit
feet you planning on stomping some
grapes live at that party lady
hey mom yes Tina and no you can't go to
Business College but about that she
didn't you know say anything about that
Oh what can I say mom you are the read
my mind where did you get that she was
just trying to help you find your shoes
also what kind of modern person is
opposed to their daughter going to
business college you're not going to
your silly business school you will stay
at home and become an artist just like
your mother and in time you'll learn to
hide those wretched toes as well but mom
I didn't even say which one just face it
you aren't true Britney
and smart to waste your time going to
get a higher education which you have
just established she is capable of okay
no that's that's good I'm just want to
know make sure that's what we're going
with that don't look at them they're
hideous I belong in the bell tower you
call me the Freak but you're all the
freaks with your five toad feet so I'm
sorry we bug your mom got Business
College
well why she didn't say anything about
it is it just that this girl all day
that's all she talks about so everyone's
just anticipating it without or even
saying it in the moment really strange
thing to bring up unprovoked why don't
you shut it why don't you shut it
through the annoying one what a big
happy family we got here I hate you
trying ditto
can you guys give it a rest and help me
find my shoes okay or I won't feed you
this week what a big happy family today
I'm tell us on the porch
oh is it does right there you know
direct line of sight well I got him
found a mom can I have my weekly rations
now hi there
okay we got a regular zoologist here he
recognized that cat like like that oh
you can see the damn laser pointer they
didn't even try you can also see cat
food on the ground right next to the cat
everywhere it is so they could get it to
sit there clean so but it takes real
magic to make the right people at the
right time so yes as it turns out the
voice is definitely the inner monologue
of the cat he talks about helping these
people which he or they give no reason
for so the old man walks outside to once
again find the cat and it's revealed
that the name of the cat is Duffy also I
think this cat knows this movie's gonna
be bad for its career and reputation
seeing as the man has to keep breaking
its neck back in a position to keep it
looking at the camera totally this job
run my ears oh no Duffy slammed a few
back again keep calm and keep rubbing
okay well maybe you can get some Sun out
here huh if you could grab me and ballin
off now be great um excuse me what we
are where now that's supposed to be
where they live they clearly were like
in LA or Arizona or something like that
and then they just showed an
establishing shot from a different
hemisphere small world huh
no look literally very small a very
small world for that to be possible
did someone mention my name okay and
we're back to the other house not sure
what the relation is at all by the way
is this laptop massive or is she just
very tiny unlike some people I heard
that oh come on
next time you're gonna insult the
doorframe at least make sure it's not an
ear shot that's just careless how much
does it pay no besides toys this office
for people with imaginations and
creative type stuff be still young Isaac
Newton think any harder when you might
hurt yourself toys this office for
people with imaginations and creative
type stuff yeah toys and stuff and
sports smart type people and stuff not a
little baby boys like me I look like
some sort of Brainiac I'm gonna fix that
loose fence yeah you do that I have a
feeling you're gonna be finding yourself
fixing a lot of fences around here in
the coming future
that's sweet let him think he's helping
there ain't no bit inside that drill oh
he's out there for hours every day doing
the same hole fences beautifully built
it's fine it doesn't need anything he
just thinks he's helping I know I know I
know I know
that's real I'm such a good friend Reed
you're beeping machine oh my god I don't
know if I can let that slide you're a
cat
Reed your machine
and you're talking and can you believe
they accomplished it all on such as a
low-budget inspiring what hard American
work will get you in this [__] excuse me
what do you think you're doing to my
wall are you thinking something special
mr. Joel now this okay you can learn
from this
now that's taste so apparently according
to what the cat refers to as the rules
you can only speak to someone like that
like meaning where his lips move once
per person that's the lawyer if you're
interested you can read more about it in
the a talking cat compendium there's a
cat here thank god the mom was standing
right there in the corner watching paint
dry er I don't know what we would have
thought about this normal house cat I
know there's a cat in here it was just
talking to me why is there a cat in here
ah did you just glaze over the fact that
your daughter said that the cat spoke to
her she's clearly speaking from our
point of view
maybe it's her read should I get it to
milk it talks like it doesn't just me
yeah I was just talking to me like words
sentences language where's your brother
this is why you have no imagination a
talking cat he's still on the fence he's
standing over here like Forrest Gump
just drilling the same piece of wood he
hasn't moved what is this movie winds
are gonna be over after the daughter
freaks out she goes and throws her
freakishly large laptop on the bed and
the music goes eerie while she sees the
dad from the first part of the movie on
his website what
yes is there something you wanted to say
or okay yeah thanks for a scrolling so
slowly I don't want to miss anything
after all what am I gonna do try taking
a long walk into the woods who will find
a woman named Cheryl Bird under the 12th
oak tree God told me to do it Thomas
shoes the heart you can talk but only
once yeah you know that's the rules shut
up already class breaks so after this
scene the old man has a mental breakdown
in front of his mirror as he goes for a
walk because hearing a cat talk scarred
him for life and I'm gonna stop talking
to stray cats because that makes no
sense at all he decides to go on a walk
to calm his nerves and wait wait a
second I thought they lived by the beach
in like Guam now we're like what in the
Pacific Northwest he could just walk
that far they must pay a lot of money to
reside in this multi biosphere realm you
can get it all here you see them talking
cat what is that a talking cat words
came out of that mouth no I'm not
believing that you didn't tell me how
the cat will talk to me there's a caller
Myers Warren gave me your cat you're
human and now I'm about to blow my
[__] brains out I just want to point
out that his reaction to the cat
speaking directly to him is more
underwhelmed than when he just
originally saw the cat normally okay I'm
a talking cat remember that just makes
me crazy I have plenty of imagination oh
wait no you're kidding me they're
neighbors you juggled these plots for
this long to have them bump into each
other 40 minutes in I really thought
they were on different parts of the
globe wait you're not a crazy person
right I mean no offense ah yes the
classic psychiatric evaluation for all
crazy people you just walk up yo you
crazy
what a crazy stranger do
like aggressively walk closer to you
after you ask him that question so she
lets a perfect stranger into her house
and they talk about cheese puffs or some
cheese puffs I'm not joking
my son doesn't think so oh you have a
son how old so a wonderful twilight
years romance blossoms here and then
they become friends I guess why don't
you make it your own
well I don't have much taste I mean look
at me I look like something that the cat
dragged in he's in boys he did it he
said it oh that's my cheese you don't
excuse me let me I'll grab him out of
this oven here with my bare hands
without any hesitation just this guy
it's just fill our neighbor don't freak
out don't freak out you were warned Phil
you didn't listen so it actually starts
getting a bit weird these two are
getting along but then as he drops her
tray that she really needed for some
catering event she gets like actually
mad oh no they were dropped right side
up completely protected by 10 foil buy
you some more I'm sure it's not that big
of a deal mom so it just gets awkward he
suggests the way to fix it but the mom
just like is lastingly mad at him and we
were even rooting for him at this point
cheese that's real pain but there's got
to be something I can do yeah you know
what you could go really
uh-uh we'll be fine
so the daughter like tracks Phil down in
the woods and follows him home and then
I don't even know the brother comes
looking for his sister and somehow finds
their house which he's never been to
before and well it just really starts to
railing from here hey do you think I
could take a swim oh no Phil that is
unacceptable
I expect more from my kids and you know
what I barely know you
yeah well then maybe we should hang out
sometime you're asking me out now Trent
in the car we'll talk about this when we
get home in the future could you take
your walk on a different trail everybody
feeling good here yeah it was nice nice
little movie about a talking cat yeah
okay and then there's this totally
derivative scene okay really pissed me
off how easy it was to see this coming
and you probably already know what I'm
gonna say Oh cam of course talking about
the scene where they scan clothes with a
[__] bedside worm light for over two
literal minutes to test this girl's
algorithm for how to dress best on a
computer program that she made it needed
Phil's website for some reason what you
didn't see that coming also there's this
part where I think they accidentally
synced up his lines to the music
scare ya yep scare ya yep so after all
this guess this is where the cat's help
comes into play he goes to once and for
all solved their domestic dispute well
that can't eat talking no more I'll tell
you that much
what the [__] the cat gets hit by a car
the first time I watched that I thought
I was just missing the point but no he
really gets it Susan so the gang all
shows up to see the state of the cat's
health and I can't believe I'm actually
saying this we found him the vet has
made him comfortable but oh God
comfortable is the last thing you ever
want to be when you're being
hospitalized yeah
Oh God Duffy are you gonna be okay boy
you see I think I see the problem here
I mean it's he's got a little uh let me
show you see this it's got a little bit
uh a little bit of this on him
you just got to take that off it'll be
good be clean ready to go by tomorrow at
the clinic I can't believe they're
actually trying to pass this off this is
a movie or a money laundering scheme
somebody made this decision behind the
scenes I'll tell you what he he does
look comfortable very comfortable too
comfortable
everything makes sense now except that
mage orb that just went by right there
we did something I'm Duffy I'm a talking
cat
thank you guys so much for watching this
episode of jontron was sponsored by
audible.com weren't for them I wouldn't
be able to sit here and screaming at
Garfield phones please have look at you
you were a great sport you might no
audible if you don't they're a company
that does audiobooks they got it all and
I personally use it myself you can do
the whole thing you know phone tablet
computer take your audio books with you
wherever you go if you go use my
specialized link audible.com slash
jontron you can get a free 30-day trial
right now and get a free book this month
I recommend to you the Martian written
by Andy weir
maybe you like that maybe you won't
that's subjective it has something to do
with the sponsorship get out of my house